- Developed Python script to identify potential tenants by automatically extracting public records of targeted individuals within a defined radius near commercial properties owned by GW Holdings LLC. Leveraged Twilio and Python to automate advertising campaigns targeting potential clients through calls, SMS, and other platforms.
- Created Online Tenant Complaint Form: Google forms with the use of module Twilio; when a tenant fills out a form and submits, the form information is sent autonomously as a sms to the property manager and staff of GW Holdings LLC for quick action and response.
- Managed and configured the UBNT Unifi ecosystem, including wireless access points, routers, switches, and security cameras. Configured the Unifi gateway and allowed port forwarding and restrictions to specified ports and ip addresses.
- Creating smart buildings: Using IoT (Raspberrypi) devices throughout the building to monitor various characteristics (temperature, moisture, etc.), analyze data, and gain insights of patterns and trends to optimize the building's environment and operations.
- Manage the GW Holdings Dell Cluster Server (PowerEdge R940xa): Installed Proxmox(virtual machine managing platform)and defined the (VM)Virtual Machines with the resources of the Cluster Server. Created the development, performance, and production VM environments for the RMS ecosystem. All testing is done in the development and performance environments, whereas new updates are launched in the production environment.
- Manage the backend databases (MySQL and PostgreSQL) that RMS application uses to store and reference data from G&W Holdings clients. Led the planning, installation, configuration, remote access, migration, performance monitoring, security, troubleshooting, as well as backup and data recovery.
